FBI Version Control Informant
==============================================

FBI is, at the core, a code-oriented message relay. It is what you would
get when you cross XMPP with IRC, except with JSON instead of XML. The
relay server allows components to connect, auth, subscribe to channels,
and publish to channels or to named components.

I'm not getting into the protocol here; that belongs elsewhere.

FBI has a few different categories of components. There are input
components, which bring data into the system; output components, which
bring data out of the system; and IRC components, which basically just
communicate with the IRC output component to provide IRC commands.

Setup
-----
At its current state, each component that wants a database needs to
manage it itself. This means that some components (namely IRC) require
you to migrate a sqlite up before they will run.

What this means is that you must `ruby out/irc_migrate.rb` before you
will be able to run the IRC component.

After this, you should be able to skip to Running. Please note that, if
my FBI is running, you will get "Nick in use" errors. Until I have a
global config file, you'll need to open out/irc.rb and grep for "FBI-".
Change this nick prefix to something else, such as "NRA-".

Runnning
--------
FBI consists of a server and components. The current convention for
running components is to run each component in its own ruby instance.
This means that to properly run all of FBI you need to have have
server.rb, in/udp.rb, out/irc.rb, irc/github.rb, irc/misc_commands.rb,
etc. running independently of each other.

The only rule is to run server.rb first. The server prints a line when
it is ready but if you wait a second in a script you should be fine.
Eventually components will autoretry until they connect to the server
anyway.

There are two different ruby scripts that attempt to handle all this for
you. runner.rb tries to act like a CLI WM and gives each component a
section of a terminal. The titlebars are colored green for running and
red for stopped/errored. You can type commands such as "restart irc" to
restart the process labeled irc. master.rb simply merges all the logs
into one and takes commands via IRC. Both of these *work* but are pretty
faily.

To start all the components backgrounded in one terminal, use something
like this:

  ruby server.rb &
  sleep 1
  ruby out/irc.rb &
  ruby in/udp.rb &
  ruby irc/github.rb &
  ruby irc/misc_commands.rb &

My prefered method of running FBI is to create a screen window (^A-c)
for each script and run them in the foreground. You can use ^A-p and
^A-n to switch between them. This lets me look later on why a component
crashed. Unfortunately you have to create each window and enter every
command (unless someone tells me how to script stuff like that).

Contents
-------

out/ - Contains the output components. The big one here is IRC. Please
       note that the IRC module will not run until you migrate the DB
       tables, so run a quick `ruby irc_migrate.rb` before you run
       irc.rb. You'll have to remigrate if I change the schemas later.

in/  - Contains the input components. The big one here is UDP. The UDP
       component receives messages from a UDP socket on port 1337 and
       publishes what it receives to the "irc" channel. The web-app uses
       this (but soon it will either connect personally or just forward
       what it gets to a GitHub component for processing).
       
       Important note here: The (non-working) email one wants you to
       pipe in an email stream. On unix-y systems, this would involve
       something like `tail -n 0 -f /var/mail/fbi | ruby email.rb`.

www/ - A rails app that is used to receive webhooks from github. Soon to
       be replaced by a PHP file for RAM reasons. Depends on the 'udp'
       in component to fully work.

server.rb - The FBI message relay hub. Uses a custom JSON protocol.
            Listens on TCP port 5348. Binds to localhost by default as
            of the writing of this sentence (to be changed to 0.0.0.0).
            
            Everything relies on this.

common/ - Shared classes for all the FBI components to use. Contains
          goodies for EventMachine and some other misc stuff.

--danopia
